version.md, before:

```
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL IN CONFIDENCE
This confidential and proprietary software may be only used as authorized
by a licensing agreement from liubing (threebullets).
In the event of publication, the following notice is applicable:
Copyright (C) 2017-20xx threebullets Corporation
The entire notice above must be reproduced on all authorized copies.
Author              :       liubing 
Email Address       :       15611662571@163.com
ProjectName         :       FastCorrection_verilog
Data                :       2017-12-23
Description         :       Fast correction for image registration in vivado.
Modification History    :   1)Use LUT method to complete the correction of the image, including distortion, scaling, translation and rotation
                            2)Add README.md and version.md

Data            By          Version         Change Description
=========================================================================
17/12/23        liubing       1.0               Modify and Add
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

Commit message:

v2.0
1)In the simulation, an external SRAM model is used to replace the Block
ROM that stores the LUT.SRAM model : GS8644Z36E
2)In the testbeach.v, firstly write the image and look-up table, when
the data is completely written, the system began to process data.

version.md, after:

```
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL IN CONFIDENCE
This confidential and proprietary software may be only used as authorized
by a licensing agreement from liubing (threebullets).
In the event of publication, the following notice is applicable:
Copyright (C) 2017-20xx threebullets Corporation
The entire notice above must be reproduced on all authorized copies.
Author              :       liubing 
Email Address       :       15611662571@163.com
ProjectName         :       FastCorrection_verilog
Data                :       2017-12-23
Description         :       Fast correction for image registration in vivado.
Modification History    :   1)In the simulation, an external SRAM model is used to replace the Block ROM that stores the LUT.SRAM model : GS8644Z36E
							2)In the testbeach.v, firstly write the image and look-up table, when the data is completely written, the system began to process data.
Data            By          Version         Change Description
=========================================================================
18/1/10        liubing       2.0                 Modify 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
```
